ABOUT STATIST
  The goal of Statist is to provide some basic statistic information for the selected field from
  layer attribute table. Both numeric (integer, real, date) and text (string) fields are supported.

REQUIREMENTS
  The plugin designed for QGIS version 1.0 and higher. Plugin depends on matplotlib - Python 2D plotting 
  library. You can obtain this library via OSGeo4W online installer or download it from project home
  page (http://matplotlib.sourceforge.net).
  If you don't want to install matplotlib but need statistic information, you can use Basic statistics
  tool from fTools plugin by Carson Farmer. Or ask me and I upload to repository lite version of this
  plugin (without histogram code, so without any additional requirements).

HOW IT WORK
  If there is no selection in the table, the statistics will be calculated for whole table (for all
  records). If a subset of records is currently selected in the attribute table, the statistics will
  be only for the values in the selected records.
  
  For numeric fields (integer, real and date) plugin provide information about:
    - minimum value
    - maximum value
    - mean value
    - sum
    - standard deviation
    - count (shows how many records the statistics are for)
    - swing value
    - median
    - number of unique values
  
  For string fields you can receive next information:
    - minimum string length
    - maximum string length
    - mean string length
    - number of records with empty field
    - number of records with filled field
    - count (shows how many records the statistics are for)
  
  In addition frequency distribution histogram plotted. If text field selected then for histogram
  creation used length of text in each record, for numeric fields values used. There is some tools 
  to navigate throught histogram.
  
  Statistics output can be easy copied to clipboard, histogram - saved to raster image file.

BUGS AND SUGGESTIONS
  I try to test plugin as much as possible, but maybe there is some bugs which I miss or don't find.
  So, testing, reporting bugs and suggestions are welcome.
  
  If you found a bug, want to make suggestions for improving Statist, or have a question about this
  plugin, please email me: alexander.bruy@gmail.com
  
  Some discission in Russian available at GIS-Lab forum (http://).

LICENSING INFORMATION
  Statist is copyright (C) 2009 Alexander Bruy (alexander.bruy@gmail.com)
  Some code was adapted from "fTools", (C) 2008 by Carson J.Q. Farmer
  Translation and i18n code was adapted from "Geoprocessing Plugin", (C) 2008 by Dr. Horst Duester,
  Stefan Ziegler
  
  This plugin is using:
    icons from Silk icon set by Mark James (http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/)
    regular font from Charis SIL font family (http://scripts.sil.org/CharisSILfont)
  
  Statist licensed under the terms of GNU GPL 2, for details see file COPYING.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
  The following peoples contributed to Statist:
    Oleg Seliverstov (http://geography.in.ua)
    Maxim Dubinin (http://gis-lab.info)
    Denis Rykov
    JC Notter
  
  And all those who have reported bugs/fixes/suggestions/comments/etc.
